1.ShellShock
2.Dirty Cow
3. Telnet
4. DNS
5. Sparta
6. Reconnoitre --> automate information gathering and service enumeration whilst creating a directory structure to store results, findings and exploits used for each host, recommended commands to execute and directory structures for storing loot and flags.
7. jad -to decompile java files
8. jd-gui - to decompile java files
9. wpscan
10. linux exploit suggester --> to find exploits for linux systems.
11. scp --> to copy files/directories to the target system. using ssh
12. python-pty-shells --> to create reverse shells using python
13. MOTD --> 
    -unauthorized information disclosure
    -Code Injection in Dynamic MOTD Scripts
    -Symbolic Link Attack
14. md5sum --> to verify the integrity of files
15. sha256sum --> to verify the integrity of files
16. sshng2john
17. pentestmonkey reverse shell cheat sheet
18. cron jobs ---> A cron job is a scheduled task in Unix-like operating systems, used to automate repetitive tasks at specified intervals. It runs in the background and is managed by the cron daemon (crond)
19. curl injection attack  --> attackers often exploit improperly sanitized user inputs in applications where curl is used to fetch data from a URL.
20. SUID Binary Attack --> A SUID binary is a file with the setuid bit set. This means that the file is owned by root and can be run with root privileges. SUID binaries are commonly used to escalate privileges.
21. bit-flipping attack --> is a cryptographic attack where an attacker manipulates ciphertext to control how it decrypts into plaintext
22. padding oracle attack 
    - Finding a padding oracle involves testing how a system responds when invalid or tampered ciphertexts are sent. A system that leaks information about whether the padding is valid or invalid is vulnerable to a padding oracle attack.
    - perl padBuster.pl --> to find the padding oracle attack
    - indicators:
        - Explicit Error Messages:
            E.g., Invalid padding, Decryption failed, Bad padding.
        - Behavioral Differences:
            Different HTTP status codes (e.g., 500 for invalid padding, 200 for valid padding).
        - Encrypted Tokens:
            Modify a ciphertext token and see if the server reacts differently.